Preparing vSphere for EKS-A (#1354)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/reference/vsphere/vsphere-prereq.md

To run EKS Anywhere, you will need:

### Prepare Administrative machine
Set up an Administrative machine as described in [Install EKS Anywhere ]({{< relref "../../getting-started/install/" >}}).

### Prepare a VMware vSphere environment
To prepare a VMware vSphere environment to run EKS Anywhere, you need the following:

> * A vSphere 7+ environment running vCenter

Reviewer: Using `a vSphere 7+ environment` is misleading. When attempting to import the latest Ubuntu ovf specified on the artifacts page (`ubuntu-2004-kube-v1,21.5.ovf`) the process fails on vSphere 7+ running on Hosts ESXi 6.7 or lower. 

This is because the ovf actually specifies `<vssd:VirtualSystemType>vmx-15</vssd:VirtualSystemType>`, which refers to the [virtual hardware version](https://kb.vmware.com/s/article/1003746) of ESXi host and not vSphere itself. Perhaps there are API calls provided by vSphere 7+, but it should be made clear the ESXi hosts must be >= `ESXi 6.7 U2`. Additionally, it would be nice to have direct links to the Bottlerocket OVA for those who wish to manually download and import the OVA into vSphere.

Reviewer 2: Alex, would you please commit your changes, and I will approve them from my side.

* Capacity to deploy 6-10 VMs
* [DHCP service]({{< relref "./vsphere-dhcp/" >}}) running in vSphere environment in the primary VM network for your workload cluster
* One network in vSphere to use for the cluster. This network must have inbound access into vCenter
* An [OVA]({{< relref "./vsphere-ovas/" >}}) imported into vSphere and converted into a template for the workload VMs

> * User credentials to [create VMs and attach networks, etc]({{< relref "user-permissions.md" >}})

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* User credentials to [create VMs and attach networks, etc]({{< relref "./user-permissions/" >}})
```

> * User credentials to [create VMs and attach networks, etc]({{< relref "./user-permissions/" >}})

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* User credentials to create VMs and attach networks, etc
```

Reviewer 3: I didn't realize that user-permissions had been deleted. Hopefully this will take care of it.

The administrative machine and the target workload environment will need network access to:

{{% content "./domains.md" %}}

### vSphere Information Needed Before Creating the Cluster
We need to get the following information before creating the cluster:

* **Static IP Addresses**: 
You will need one IP address for the management cluster control plane endpoint, and a separate one for the controlplane of each workload cluster you add. 

> So now let’s say you are going to have the management cluster and two workload clusters. Then you would need three IP addresses, one for each. And they all will be configured same way in the configuration file you are going to generate for each cluster.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Let’s say you are going to have the management cluster and two workload clusters.
For those, you would need three IP addresses, one for each.
All of those addresses will be configured the same way in the configuration file you will generate for each cluster.
```

> A static IP addresses will be used for each control plane VM in your EKS Anywhere cluster. Choose IP addresses in your network range that do not conflict with other VMs, that must be excluded from your DHCP offering.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A static IP address will be used for each control plane VM in your EKS Anywhere cluster.
Choose IP addresses in your network range that do not conflict with other VMs and make sure they are excluded from your DHCP offering.
```

> NOTE: This IP addresses should be outside the network DHCP range. Suggestions on how to ensure this IP does not cause issues during cluster creation process are here.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> An IP address will be the value of the property `controlPlaneConfiguration.endpoint.host` in the config file of the management cluster, and a separate IP address for each workload cluster.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
An IP address will be the value of the property `controlPlaneConfiguration.endpoint.host` in the config file of the management cluster.
A separate IP address must be assigned for each workload cluster.
```

![Import ova wizard](/images/ip.png) 

* **vSphere Datacenter Name**:
The vSphere datacenter to deploy the EKS Anywhere cluster on.
![Import ova wizard](/images/datacenter.png) 

* **VM Network Name**:
The VM network to deploy your EKS Anywhere cluster on.
![Import ova wizard](/images/network.png) 

* **vCenter Server Domain Name**:
The vCenter server fully qualified domain name or IP address. If the server IP is used, the thumbprint must be set or insecure must be set to true.
![Import ova wizard](/images/domainname.png) 

* **thumbprint** (required if insecure=false):
The SHA1 thumbprint of the vCenter server certificate which is only required if you have a self-signed certificate for your vSphere endpoint.

> There are several ways to obtain your vCenter thumbprint. The easiest way is if you have govc installed, you can run the following command in the admin machine terminal, and take a note of the output:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
There are several ways to obtain your vCenter thumbprint.
If you have [govc installed](https://github.com/vmware/govmomi/blob/master/govc/README.md), you can run the following command in the Administrative machine terminal, and take a note of the output:
```

```bash
govc about.cert -thumbprint -k
```

* **template**:

> The VM template to use for your EKS Anywhere cluster. This template was created when you imported the OVA file into vSphere . 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The VM template to use for your EKS Anywhere cluster.
This template was created when you imported the OVA file into vSphere. 
```

![Import ova wizard](/images/template.png) 

* **datastore**:
The vSphere [datastore](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/7.0/com.vmware.vsphere.storage.doc/GUID-3CC7078E-9C30-402C-B2E1-2542BEE67E8F.html) to deploy your EKS Anywhere cluster on.
![Import ova wizard](/images/storage.png) 

* **folder**:

> The folder parameter in VSphereMachineConfig allows you to organize your VMs of an EKS Anywhere cluster. With this each cluster can be organized as a folder in vSphere. It will be nice to have a separate folder for the management cluster and each cluster you are adding. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The folder parameter in VSphereMachineConfig allows you to organize the VMs of an EKS Anywhere cluster.
With this, each cluster can be organized as a folder in vSphere.
You will have a separate folder for the management cluster and each cluster you are adding. 
```
